feat: add a warning on wireguard page to mention the current wireguar… (#555)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/sysconfig-configure-wireguard.adoc

= Configuring FCOS to use WireGuard

> IMPORTANT: An issue with WireGuard SELinux isolation break Pre/Post actions in WireGuard configuration file with Fedora Coreos 38. You can check the progress of this issue on the https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/1487[tracker]. Some example in this page may not work properly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Some examples in this page may not work properly. An issue with WireGuard SELinux isolation breaks Pre/Post actions in the WireGuard configuration for recent releases of Fedora Coreos. You can check the progress of this issue on the https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/1487[issue tracker]. 
```

Reviewer: Maybe a little switching around the wording.. Suggestion above ^^
